- [Instructor] Okay, now let's create a model
to represent a reservation.
This model will define a reservation document in mongodb
to represent a room reservation.
Our object mapper for the Jackson framework will be able to
convert a raw string JSON into the reservation object
and vice versa.
First off, let's right click on the base package.
Go to New
and select Package.
Let's name it model.
Now, right click on the model package, go to New
and select Java Class.
Let's name it Reservation.
First, let's add a document annotation.
This annotation will identify this class as a domain object
to be persisted to mongodb.
Now let's add in a couple of fields
to represent the reservation, such as room number,
check in date, check out date and price.
Let's create a private class member of the type long
and let's name it room number.
This is a de-normalized data format.
In a normalized SQL database, you may be storing a room id
which you would use to join to the room table,
however, for convenience, and since we are using
a no SQL database, we are going to store data
as we retrieve it.
A more robust implementation may use a embedded document
containing a room document.
Next, let's create a local date object named check in.
Let's type in private, local date,
and check in.
Now let's create a check out variable of the same title.
Local date, private, local date, check out.
Now, let's create a private integer named price.
We are storing the price in whole dollars,
if you want to store cents,
you might use a type such as big decimal.
Finally, let's define the primary key of the document.
Let's create a private string and name it id.
Then, let's add in an id annotation.
This id will be an auto generated hash from mongodb.
Now let's use a keyboard shortcut Command + N,
or Control + N, depending on your keyboard setup.
Let's auto generate a constructor, first let's create
a parameter list constructor by selecting none.
Let's use that Control + N keyboard shortcut again,
and create another constructor, this constructor will
accept room number, check in, check out and price.
Let's close the project window for readability.
And now let's auto generate getters and setters using
that same keyboard shortcut.
Go down to Getter and Setter.
Hold down the shift key, and select all except id.
Now, let's scroll down to the bottom, and create just
a Getter for id.
The id is auto generated so you really aren't going to want
to set it manually.
Now, let's configure the daytime format of our check in
and check out local dates.
Let's add in a daytime format annotation above check in,
and let's pass in the iso format daytime format iso.date.
So I put iso is equal to daytime format
.ISO all caps
.DATE all caps.
Let's copy that line using Command + C and paste that
annotation above checkout using Command + V.
And there we go.
Now we have a model to represent our reservation.